docs: add two way binding and visible parameter info (#3650)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/dockmanager/pane-types.md

* It can contain `<DockManagerTabGroupPane>`, `<DockManagerContentPane>`, and other `<DockManagerSplitPane>` tags as children. 
* Only this pane type can be declared as a direct child of the `<DockManagerFloatingPanes>` tag.

## Restore Closed Panes

> Restore closed panes by tracking their visibility state in a collection. Use two-way binding for the `Size` parameter, to persist the pane size.  

Reviewer: - We still write for humans, who scan through the article looking for signals like to+infinitive, to identify the goal much faster than with the imperative mood as an opener.
- Consider tweaking the Copilot skill or instruction, so this specific is also respected when creating new content.
```suggestion
To restore closed panes, track their visibility state in a collection. Use two-way binding for the `Size` parameter to persist the pane size.  
```
